---
layout: ideas
title: Why I Love the Pen Type-C
author: Quinn Pollock
short:  My thoughts on why I love the CW&T Pen Type-C
description: My thoughts on why I love the CW&T Pen Type-C
image: 
    thumb: assets/images/PenTypeCCard.jpeg
---

{:.text}
There is a famous quote about the iPhone
> The best camera is the one that's with you

{:.text}
This idea, that the most expensive camera in the world is worthless if you don't have it when you need it, is exactly why I love the Pen Type-C by CW&T.[^1] For a few years now, I've been carrying a Field Notes in my front right pocket for the purpose of writing, sketching, or just jotting things down when something comes to mind. However, to be honest, these notebooks sat in my pocket and stayed basically empty. More often than not I would just use my phone (something I would prefer not to do as I get distracted very easily), or I wouldn't write the idea down at all. The reason for this being that I didn't have with me the other crucial part of note-taking: a pen. The Pen Type-C solves this issue.

{% include image.html url="/assets/images/PentypeC" description="The Pen Type-C" %}

{:.text}
The Pen Type-C is a flat-bodied pen with a clip. So unlike most other pens (that are commonly round), this pen can easily attach onto the front cover of my field notes and remain slim enough to fit inside my jean pocket with relative ease.

{% include image.html url="/assets/images/fieldnoteswithpen" description="My Field Notes with the Pen Type C" width="45%" %}

{:.text}
This change is a pen-carrying strategy that revolutionized how I was able to use my field notes when I wanted to jot something down. I didn't need to think where my pen was; it was just there, and I could just go straight to writing my thought down. So sure this pen may not be this most comfortable pen to write with, it may not flow the smoothest, or have the best refill, but it's the pen I always have with me — so as the saying goes — it might as well be the best pen.


[^1]: Available [here](https://cwandt.com/products/pen-type-c)